infra: add pr template, codeowners (#2537)
proevo/pythondotorg: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
By submitting this pull request, you agree to:

> - follow the [PSF's Code of Conduct](https://www.python.org/psf/conduct/)

Reviewer: Direct link:
```suggestion
- follow the [PSF's Code of Conduct](https://policies.python.org/python.org/code-of-conduct/)
```

Author: These comments were collapsed D: I missed them sorry 😞

Reviewer: No problem :)
